Add instructions for how to build a new platform version (#26)
stackabletech/crddocs: README.md

The `static/halfmoon-variables.css` file is from the halfmoon UI framework, v1.1.1.
There was a slight modification for navbar alignment.

### How to add a new platform release

The docs are built for all the repos and branches configured in the `repos.yaml` file.

> so if this file is updated and merged into main, the automated Netlify build will automatically build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so if this file is updated and merged into main, the  Netlify GitHub action will automatically build
```

Author: It's not a Netlify GitHub action. Netlify watches the repo and does it all internally
